# CYK Algorithm Simulation

This project implements a web-based simulation of the Cocke-Younger-Kasami (CYK) algorithm, a powerful technique used in theoretical computer science to parse strings in context-free grammars (CFGs).

The CYK algorithm efficiently determines whether a given string can be generated by a specific CFG. It works by building a parsing table, filling it bottom-up with intermediate results based on the grammar rules.

## Key Features

### Interactive Interface

Enter a string and a CFG to visualize the CYK parsing process step-by-step.

### Educational Tool

Gain practical understanding of the CYK algorithm and its role in parsing.

### Accessibility

Accessible through a web browser, eliminating the need for local installation.

## Technology Stack

React.js: A popular JavaScript library for building dynamic and interactive user interfaces.

## Installation Guide

While the website is accessible online, you can optionally set up a local development environment to explore and contribute to the codebase.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have Node.js and npm (or yarn) installed on your system.

### Clone the Repository

`git clone https://github.com/arunimabarik75/CYK-Algorithm-Simulation.git`

### Install Dependencies

`cd CYK-Algorithm-Simulation`

`npm install`

### Start the Development Server

`npm start`

### Access the Application

Open `http://localhost:3000` in your web browser.

## Deployment

The project is currently deployed and accessible online at -

Live URL: https://arunimabarik75.github.io/CYK-Algorithm-Simulation/
